2017.09.19
1. Add some kind of mechanism to alter the performance of the anvil by offering additional item(s):
    i.e., reducing xp/gold consumption, altering E/sigma of the distribution of specific enchantment stat, fomulas for specific effect(s)
    (as orange items in Diablo II)

2. Add item-specific enchantments, such as helmet + underwater breath, boots + speed↑， pickaxe + fortune, etc.

3. Extend the enchantment to all kinds of items, blocks, foods, and any other things, creating a high quality item and its possible 
   enchantment list for every available id.

4. Revising stat of enchantments during random enchanting.
    i. Creating enchant-specific Possibility/expectation which could reflect their relative importance in actual game play.
    ii. It is possible to change the enchanting possibility function from continuous to discrete, at least for some of the enchantment. 
        This will introduce different grade of a certain enchantment, which is a feasible way for achiving 4.i, and also further allows 
        a more direct affection of enchanting upgrade described in 1.

5. Revising consumption calculation fomula. The present fomula could not corelate with the relative effect of a given enchantment. 
   I personally suggest to use a fuction like this:
         foreach property x in item
             total_consumption += ( basic_score(x) + additional_cost(x) ) * coefficient(x)
             
         basic score is based on the enchantment type. It may vary between different enchantment as they could induce diverse buff/debuff
             effects on items.
         additional cost is related to the strength of enchantment, as enchantment will get stronger when level up.
         coefficient is related to enchantment type and, mostly, related to its positive/negative nature. The coefficient should be 
             designed for each enchantment to balance their influence on the total performance in a specific enchantment set. And
             the number of the coefficient may change among different enchantment combinations or different levels of enchantment.
